Flow more sicker, so much shake in the street
They measure my weight in Richter


Whiskey is not incompatible with theology, particularly magic whiskey that is ancient and also a week old.



Yes, man is mortal, but that isn't so bad. What's bad is that sometimes he's unexpectedly mortal, that's the rub!


for I have none of that enviable firmness that enables a man to look calmly into the eyes of a waiting barber and tell him he will wait for his fellow-barber's chair.



I dreamed and saw women in my dreams, and only my heart, crimson with murder, screeched and bled.

Indeed, you can rest assured that men can exist without butchers, but they will never go without beef."


Of mystery there is no end. Of clarity, there is precious little.


In Evelyn's face, I saw the travels of Marco Polo, the fall of Constantinople, the irredentist yearnings of Hungaro-Romanians. How many ancestors vanished when Evelyn had her teeth fixed? In Evelyn's face I saw the hordes of Genghis Khan invading Poland. Among them was a yellow brute, with a long mustache flowing away from his nostrills like black ribbons. He raped Evelyn's great-great-great-grandmother with his fierce prick, thereby giving a distinctly slanted plane to Evelyn's cheekbones, her nicest feature.



We must answer the question, What is that which, in natural objects, makes them easily destroyed, or the reverse?



Draco himself, when he was once asked why he had decreed the death penalty for the great majority of offenses, replied that he considered the minor ones deserved it, and so for the major ones no heavier punishment was left.




I am a phoenix who runs after arsonists.

I am for all the good things, against the bad ones.


History, which is a simple whore, has no decisive moments but is a proliferation of instants, brief interludes that vie with one another in monstrousness.


I’m an educated man, the prisons I know are subtle ones.


You have to know how to look even if you don’t know what you’re looking for.



One should read Borges more.


If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don't have to worry about answers.


Why should things be easy to understand?



You may never get to touch the Master, but you can tickle his creatures.



Danger's over, Banana Breakfast is saved.


Questions arose. Like, what in the fuck was going on here, basically.


Naturally I am of the deeply felt conviction that it is quite nice, quite lovely to be capable of enthusiam.



God is the opposite of Rodin.



Wherever there are children, there will always be injustice.


The blood that soils your body becomes stars
























