
"... ao passo que, segundo outros, escreveu só duas obras, Sobre o Solstício e Sobre o Equinócio, por considerar os demais problemas incompreensíveis."

Diógenes Laércio, referindo-se a Tales, citado por Kirk e Raven, Os Filósofos Pré-Socráticos, pág. 80



"... e em Xenófanes, que afirmou que a terra descia [termo em grego], indefinidamente, i.e., para além da imaginação ou do que diz respeito ao homem."

Kirk e Raven, Os Filósofos Pré-Socráticos, pág. 105




"«You can go home then. You owe thanks to the Yanover rabbi. He found an obscure reference in Maimonides that favored you.»"

Isaac Bashevis Singer, The Collected Stories, pág. 19



"In Bayreuth once
we were very good friends of the Wagners
and I stepped in once
for Isadora so perfectly
she would never allow me to dance again
..."

Frank O'Hara, vinte e cinco poemas à hora do almoço, pág. 80



"– Give us another drink if you please, Hackett said. Whiskey is not incompatible with theology, particularly magic whiskey that is ancient and also a week old."

Flann O'Brien, The Complete Novels (The Dalkey Archive), pág. 619



"..., K. Fought the feeling of well-being, but it persisted."

Kafka, The Castle, pág. 30





"So opposed to those of the rest of the world are the principles which Lycurgus devissed in reference to the production of children. Whether they enabled him to provide Sparta with a race of men superior to all in size and strength I leave to the judgment of whomsoever it may concern. "

Xenofonte, daqui: http://ancienthistory.about.com/library/bl/bl_text_xenophon_lacedaemonians.htm



"The legislator further provided his pastor with a body of youths in the prime of life, and bearing whips, to inflict punishment when necessary, with this happy result that in Sparta modesty and obedience ever go hand in hand, nor is there lack of either."

Idem



"He went a step further, and set up a strong barrier (even in a society such as I have described) against the pursuance of money-making by wrongful means. In the first place, he established a coinage of so extraordinary a sort, that even a single sum of ten minas could not come into a house without attracting the notice, either of the master himself, or of some member of his household. In fact, it would occupy a considerable space, and need a waggon to carry it."

Idem




"Yes, man is mortal, but that isn't so bad. What's bad is that sometimes he's unexpectedly mortal, that's the rub!"

Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita, pág. 9



"It is easy and pleasant to tell the truth," observed the prisoner.

Idem, pág. 22



"What we value in one another is exactly what kills us."

Dr. Gabor Maté, The Need for Authenticity (youtube video, 2.30)







... for I have none of that enviable firmness that enables a man to look calmly into the eyes of a waiting barber and tell him he will wait for his fellow-barber's chair.

Mark Twain



1:17 Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. 

Proverbs (Solomon), King James Bible
(Adulterar: Surely in vain the net is spread at the sight of any bird.)



Now you know why he didn't call on-eyed Grach that, nor raging Kolka. You know everything. But what use is it if you still have glasses on your nose and autumn in your heart?...

Isaac Babel, The Odessa Stories



A large pot of boiling pork stood on some bricks in front of the hut. Smoke rose from it as distant smoke rises from the village hut of one's childhood, mixing hunger with intense loneliness inside me.

Isaac Babel, The Red Cavalry Stories (p. 232)



I dreamed and saw women in my dreams, and only my heart, crimson with murder, screeched and bled.

Isaac Babel, The Red Cavalry Stories (p.233)



Between me and the other world there is ever an unasked question: unasked by some through feelings of delicacy; by others through the difficulty of rightly framing it. All, nevertheless, flutter round it. They approach me in a half-hesitant sort of way, eye me curiously or compassionately, and then, instead of saying directly, How does it feel to be a problem? ...

W.E.B Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folks




I walked in a desert.
And I cried,
"Ah, God, take me from this place!"
A voice said, "It is no desert."
I cried, "Well, But --
The sand, the heat, the vacant horizon."
A voice said, "It is no desert." 

Stephen Crane


Indeed, you can rest assured that men can exist without butchers, but they will never go without beef."

Aesop, "The Oxen and the Butchers"



"Of mystery there is no end. Of clarity, there is precious little."

Leonard Michaels, "The Collected Stories" (p. 381)


In Evelyn's face, I saw the travels of Marco Polo, the fall of Constantinople, the irredentist yearnings of Hungaro-Romanians. How many ancestors vanished when Evelyn had her teeth fixed? In Evelyn's face I saw the hordes of Genghis Khan invading Poland. Among them was a yellow brute, with a long mustache flowing away from his nostrills like black ribbons. He raped Evelyn's great-great-great-grandmother with his fierce prick, thereby giving a distinctly slanted plane to Evelyn's cheekbones, her nicest feature.

Leonard Michaels, "The Collected Stories (p. 188)








The sky whitens as if lit by three suns.
My mother shades her eyes and looks my way
Over the drifted stream. My father spins
A stone along the water. Leisurely,

They beckon to me from the other bank.
I hear them call, "See where the stream-path is!
Crossing is not as hard as you might think."

I had not thought that it would be like this.

Charles Causley


While living at Walden, a visitor one day asked Henry David Thoreau did he read the story in the paper about the man in Concord who committed suicide. “I don't need to read the story”, he answered, “I understand the principle.” 
 
http://www.theawl.com/2012/06/how-silence-works-trappist-monks 



mas o que é uma morte heróica comparada com a eterna vigília
tendo na mão uma fria maçã um alto cadeirão
com vista para o formigueiro e para a esfera do relógio

Zbigniew Herbert



O meu pai que Deus tenha gostava que, depois do almoço, as servas lhe coçassem os calcanhares. Eu saí ao meu pai, mas com uma diferença: depois do almoço não coço os calcanhares mas sim a língua e os miolos. Eu, homem pecador, gosto de tagarelar empaturrado. Dá-me licença que converse um pouquinho consigo?

Tchékhov (Contos Volume VI, "O Passageiro da Primeira Classe, pág 29)


Hay dos modos de conciencia:
una es luz, y otra, paciencia.
Una estriba en alumbrar
un poquito el hondo mar;
otra, en hacer penitencia
con caña o red, y esperar
el pez, como pescador.
Dime tú: ¿Cuál es mejor?
¿Conciencia de visionario
que mira en el hondo acuario
peces vivos,
fugitivos,
que no se pueden pescar,
o esa maldita faena
de ir arrojando a la arena,
muertos, los peces del mar?

Antonio Machado (Poesías Completas, pág. 234) – os dois versos a negrito, ou tudo, ou outra combinação.


The crows like to insist a single crow is enough to destroy heaven. This is incontestably true, but it says nothing about heaven, because heaven is just another way of saying: the impossibiliy of crows.

Kafka (The Zurau Aphorisms, pág. 32).


In the struggle between yourself and the world, hold the world's coat.

Kafka (The Zurau Aphorisms, pág. 53).


Leopards break into the temple and drink all the sacrificial vessels dry; it keeps happening; in the end, it can be calculated in advance and is incorporated into the ritual.

Kafka (The Zurau Aphorisms, pág. 20).



We were created to live in Paradise, and Paradise was designed to serve us. Our designation has been changed; we are not told whether this has happened to Paradise as well.

Kafka (The Zurau Aphorisms, pág. 83).



Zarathustra is gentle to the sick.

(pág.22)




One glimps, my Lord, of thy bright Judgment Day, 
       and Glory piercing through, like fiery Darts,

Edward Taylor (Meditation 22)




Tuez-les tous, Dieu reconnaîtra les siens.

Arnaud Almaric (supostamente)



Of sleep and waking we have already treated; about life and death we shall speak later on [...].
(poderia ficar melhor substituíndo o "waking" por "walking")

Aristóteles (Complete Works Vol.1, pág. 740)


We must answer the question, What is that which, in natural objects, makes them easily destroyed, or the reverse?

Aristóteles (Complete Works Vol.1, pág. 740)



Décimo sétimo, asseverando ser o mundo ilimitado, segundo o nosso ponto de vista, acalma-se o intelecto; da maneira contrária, surgem crescentes dificuldades e incovenientes

Giordano Bruno (Acerca do Infinito, do Universo e dos Mundos – 4ª edição, pág. 7)


	FIL.  Portanto, do lado do espaço infinito, sabemos com certeza que há a faculdade de receber o corpo, e nada mais. De qualquer modo, bastar-me-á considerar que não lhe repugna recebê-lo, ao menos por esta razão: onde está o nada, nada existe mais além que impeça e constitua limite. Resta agora ver se é de admitir que todo o espaço seja pleno ou não. E aqui, se considerarmos tanto o que este pode ser, como o que pode fazer, sempre havemos de ver que não é lógico, mas necessário, que seja pleno. E, para evidenciá-lo, pergunto-te se é bom que este mundo exista.
	ELP. Muito bom.

Giordano Bruno (Acerca do Infinito, do Universo e dos Mundos – 4ª edição, pág. 33)


Grinus (they say), the son of Aesanius, a descendant of Theras, and king of the island of Thera, went to Delphi to offer a hecatomb on behalf of his native city. On Grinus consulting the oracle about sundry matters, the Pythoness gave him for answer, "that he should found a city in Libya." When the embassy returned to Thera, small account was taken of the oracle, as the Therans were quite ignorant where Libya was. 

Heródoto, (Book IV, ''150-151, 153, 156-159)
tirado daqui: http://legacy.fordham.edu/halsall/ancient/630cyrene.asp


Draco himself, when he was once asked why he had decreed the death penalty for the great majority of offenses, replied that he considered the minor ones deserved it, and so for the major ones no heavier punishment was left.

Plutarco, Life of Solon
Daqui: http://mkatz.web.wesleyan.edu/Images2/cciv243.Solon.html




When the boy was dead, they took the body down from the cross, and for some reason disemboweled it; it is said for the purpose of their magic arts.

Gillian Bennett, Bodies: Sex, Violence, Disease, and Death in Contemporary Legend
Daqui: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Saint_Hugh_of_Lincoln










































